three others at 1000 meters and in particular
who is at the top of the ranking
the provisional schuman Sodi in volts
olivier we run and go for
this fourth stage of the grand national
with the titans of canes who scored
of hesitation titans of cagnes de
favorite part galloping but loses to
about twenty meters it is
still not given by pierre lévesque
big coup so with the titan
from kent who practically stayed at
start it's over for hotel titan
we went very well on the other hand and
looking back that medhat queyras apple
the terrine is placed as they go
seat with recital carisaie is in
fourth position to track down tina's
citrus also to demote that one is
he's from swedish morning he's gone to his
Mark
he will turn to his club nuts and
noble this last one addresses with the turning
review now by carisaie recital
its exterior it was expected to
had the docks come to take
the orders of the test is without
doubt we will now harden something
who wants the race to see in Jeddah blessed
who ensured his departure also and
for now and penultimate not pay and
in the back also had the number 16
of soliman gaza that rose to the back of the
platoon to small in your line is at
rest the other is over so far
occagnes risk of everything is very retarded
as is tina of citrus number 3
there is always a lot of rhythm in
this test with a recital carisaie
that speeds up outside to tempt
to get a foothold
very for the moment paris
apple 30 days in their wake we are
very well passed already with lord lovef
on a fourth line rope side
accompanied by a high risk of
charming princes then coming in
reggae company music waiter
Kippur
position for agathe the abbey as to
he finds himself at the back of the pack
alongside swedish hand and then among
the last departures riders from tagore and
so well worn
the advantage always for recital
carisaie who in turn and
we take control of a machine that
may be coming now second
position to its outside put a small
little in the box a mediocre who
will have a good journey with a good
point
in third position rather rope side
and
that we disqualified from tina of citrus 1
which had imposed itself in a quinté to
agen and disqualifications beginning of
Course tutors what passage
in front of the stands with always
recital carisaie who has the advantage one have
dropped as soon as they prove themselves wrong then
that it was becoming so to join the
recital carisaie at the head of the event saw
that my two
of the prodeco leader ip operator
will disrupt hunting a little on
third legal line the osi a very good
course in fourth position of debt
senior and green and who will know
bring closer the number 5 which speeds up
now
rejoin
is followed as his shadow by
numbers
radjah of the abbey when they thought
swedish match
since they are among the last
records
a water the chesnaie campion that go
approach in a few moments the one
childhood in wood that radjah of the abbey
find yourself a little less windward
for now he says in third
glove thickness for now linked that
do not tell me we see some media
who is always well placed second
position in the rope of a trap
Khattabi recitals recital that continues
now closed times taken over by
third position outside the
weaver in terrassa 5th Tuesday
in his effort
manga my lord lovef who is not
very far but who had laperrine
still before the singapore brocarde
sling that organizes in vampire we go quickly
where the opposite line with a recital
carisaie which now under the threat of
radjah of the abbey in third position
we always had is that medoc
with also rykiel gains
perfect course for the moment that shaves
apple still 33 of the highest rated since
will know and then a little bit more
far
Yes
it takes a number 4 singapore sling and
without risk of happening if such crisis is
unfortunately during that time and
well
which accelerates and puts the pressure
on navy radio to address the last
straight line is nice
closer but still very far from view
of all kinds of rajab the abbey
also decidedly there are a lot of
thirty years to the tic density because they
were very prominent and this leaves the
free field now to dream of a
vehicle for the victory had seen that
the notes and in second position to
several lengths
apple had not missed on chip or 10 months
maybe take a good third
place of their bus themselves there is 150
meters to go with red bull
advantage of mistakes that plays discrete and
olic who had water up to the medoc
will be difficult
third place for a tagore actor
father tamesna to have then
talk to your lawn 2 or number 13
senior
of rebounding in this step in
the week for the first race is
income at the end of residency zinc
completely missed his retirement game
exactly disqualified unfortunately
from the first meters of the race
we'll see right away the arrival at
slowed for dictaure